The side is obviously not good at
He is the magician of this world
Because the charm just happened to fall on him
So even if the teenager is a false white lotus
She is still the daughter of charm in this world
So the original owner is used as cannon fodder
Even if there was a good hand
Eventually, it will also go to a dead end for various reasons
Girl of luck vs. villain girl two, right?
Hmm, that's interesting
Friendly reminder
If the mission fails
You can never be resurrected again
Host business is difficult
What's the matter with you?
You can't do this right.
In the original plot
The original owner is also deliberately doing bad things here.
Let the boss quarrel at night
This is also the beginning of the dark night
Do you know how much these drinks cost?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, what's the use?
The purchase price of this case of wine is 888, so hurry up and lose money.
The salary of goods and goods for one day is only 200.
I still have to take my mom to the doctor to help
Manager, I really don't give a damn
Stop
Just some money
Don't be dirty
give
Count your life
come
why
Are you okay? I just saved you.
This is how you treat your benefactor
Tell me what you want me to do this time
You are like this, what else can you do for me?
Well, you can work for me in the future
So you're mine
Okay, this is what I pay you
You just have to listen to me from now on, understand
Congratulations to the host
Vietnam and blackened values reduced by 5%
Real-time blackening value 75%
Oh, I see.
What do you need me to do now?
OK
I'll give you a few days off because you're sick.
Go back and rest